[Music]
ten things you should never ever wear on
a plane whether you're choosing an
outfit for a short or a long distance
flight it's important that you feel
comfortable while staying out of trouble
at the same time we've collected ten
tips from flight attendants and fellow
travelers about things not to wear on
the plane watch it to the end to figure
out which clothes can bring your journey
to a halt right at the planes door 10
perfume while you're on your journey you
will be in a small and densely packed
space avoid heavy perfumes for the sake
of your fellow passengers a prevailing
number of people find scented products
on others irritating and there also
could be people with allergies in asthma
on the flight so perfect seat mates for
them are those who smell like nothing
another problem here is that all the
smells intensify on a plane due to the
stale air constantly being recycled
within the cabin it's better to wear
clean clothes and stay clear of perfume
remember your preferences may
dramatically differ from those of your
neighbor 9 tight clothes avoid tight
clothing especially when your flight is
longer than 4 hours
people on a long-distance flight are at
risk of developing DVT deep vein
thrombosis DVT is a blood clot that
forms in a deep vein usually in the leg
to prevent it we're special compression
socks in loose comfortable clothes also
be sure to walk around whenever you can
American Airlines flight attendant
Andrea Fishbach explains that apart from
the risk of thrombosis you can also
suffer from swelling cramping and
bloating especially if your clothes are
constricting you can imagine what kind
of discomfort that can cause she admits
that leather pants and tight jeans might
look cute but it's much better to pick
something with an elastic waist and
breathable material eight complicated
items airplane bathrooms are tiny if
you're wearing a jumpsuit you'll have a
hard time trying to take it off instead
wear something that's not likely to
cause difficulties in this small space
clothes with a lot of buttons and
zippers won't make your flight
experience the most comfortable one
imagine the psychological pressure you
may experience while you're busy doing
up all your never-ending buttons and
zippers while an impatient line of
people is waiting outside seven clothes
or jewelry containing metal it's no
surprise that shoes with large metal
embellishments or metallic jewelry can
slow you down when going through airport
security
what is unexpected is that some
sparkling sweaters can have metallic
threads woven into them while you can
easily slip off your shoes it may be
getting out of the sweater might be a
bit more challenging the best thing to
do is to go for natural materials and
take off any jewelry even gold which
seems safe enough to wear until you pass
completely through security screening
one flight attendant recalls a case when
she was rushing for a flight but her
cartier love bracelet somehow set off
one of the machines she wasn't the least
bit amused as she was trying to unscrew
it with her nail six summer clothes even
when you're flying to a warm destination
and are tempted to pick a summer outfit
for your flight don't forget that the
temperature in the plane can be
surprisingly cold having on several
layers of clothes is essential for a
comfortable journey you won't believe
the craziest ways people dress for their
flights flight attendants have witness
sports bras and crop tops with no jacket
to cover them booty shorts and even
bathing suits you don't need to be a
psychic to predict that shortly after
takeoff these passengers are the first
to demand blankets
unfortunately not all flights provide
such a service it makes sense to have
different layers of clothes this way you
can always control how warmly you're
dressed what it's more if your luggage
is lost we all know that the chances of
this happening aren't quite high you
will always have a spare change of
clothes 5 contact lenses
in an aircraft the average humidity can
get as low as 10 to 20 percent and in
extreme cases it can drop down to 1% for
comparison the Sahara Desert averages
from 20 to 25 percent humidity can you
imagine how fast it will dry out your
contact and lead to irritation in your
eyes if you have a long flight it's
recommended that you take your lenses
out especially if you plan on sleeping
during your flight for high-heels
however alluring you may find the
airport style of your favorite
celebrities strutting around in
stilettos it may in fact cause more harm
than good
airport security will ask you to remove
your shoes not only can heels
potentially be used to store prohibited
items but they also contain an internal
metal construction that will definitely
set off the alarm
nobody would enjoy standing barefoot on
the airport floor moreover your feet
might swell during the flight so tight
shoes should be avoided and what if
you're just a tiny bit late and running
for the gate imagine your struggle to do
it effectively can't safely in high
heels
along with heels flight attendants urge
you to say no to backless sandals as
well there are very serious safety
reasons for such a request the thing is
both these types of footwear make it
extremely difficult to evacuate the
aircraft quickly regarding high heels
you would have to leave them behind
anyway if inflatable slides were to be
used during an emergency evacuation the
heels can damage the slide so off they
go now ask yourself do you really fancy
running away from the airplane barefoot
so opt for comfort wear sneakers or
shoes with a back three t-shirts with
offensive text
you won't believe this but there have
been people prohibited from boarding a
plane because of the way they were
dressed the reason can vary too much
cleavage a low-cut dress saggy pants and
offensive t-shirt bare feet or even
leggings while flying on an Airlines
employee Pat for example Southwest
Airlines cabin crew wouldn't let Laurie
Heasley on board because of the
politically offensive text of her
t-shirt it didn't happen that long ago
2005 another case involving the same
airline dates back to two thousand seven
passenger Kyla abhart was accused of
wearing clothes deemed inappropriate for
this family airline does this mean there
are airlines just for 18 and over her
miniskirt and tight blouse didn't pass
the test
however she saved her place on the
flight by tugging her skirt down a bit
and pulling her top up this way
covering up more of her revealed skin
well some of these decisions are
debatable
try to stay reasonable than choosing
your outfit a perfect question to ask
yourself is would somebody wear this to
visit their grandparents too itchy
fabrics before putting on something
fancy for your flight you need to
consider the fabric very carefully first
and foremost avoid itchy and scratchy
clothes they will definitely become a
bother on the flight the thing is hot
and cold temperature fluctuations on a
plane make your skin very sensitive for
this reason fabrics like wool or even
lace will lead to skin irritation even
more so than I usually do
they might become especially annoying if
you're sitting in a seat without much
leg room or space to move around one
baggy clothes so having studied all the
tips such as say no to tight clothes no
miniskirts or revealing tops you look in
your closet comfort nothing typed no
high heels hmm bingo my oversized
sweater and baggy jeans sorry but that
too may not be the best choice
sounds like a stereotype but people
wearing such clothing tend to work
suspicious Tracy Edwards who works for
triple-a travel sales says that if you
want to pass through security quickly
you should avoid loose-fitting clothes
there is a 100 percent chance that you
lose the screening because you look like
you're hiding something under your huge
hoodie be ready for the requested trip
so the things to remember when you dress
for a journey by plane
opt for comfort and remember you can
totally make comfort look stylish for
example a maxi dress paired with a denim
jacket will look very fashionable while
simultaneously providing all the comfort
you need check the airline's dress code
such a policy can be found on their
website if your dream isn't to become
famous for being kicked off a plane
because of your leggings study it
carefully by the way that last example
with the leggings is based on a real
story it happened to two teenage girls
flying with United Airlines they miss
their flight since their leggings fail
to comply with a dress code of the
airline
and now the bonus we have promised even
if you're a star and follow all the
rules you can still be stopped by
security and thoroughly searched this is
exactly what happened to Kim Kardashian
in LA what is your favorite style of
clothing for a plane trip right your
opinion in the comments below has this
video been helpful to you if so remember
to show how much you liked it by giving
us a thumbs up
join us on the bright side